Example "Multi-Conformer" (Mike Devereux)

This example shows the fitting procedure to fit a single, static MDCM to more
than one ESP grid in order to fit to more than conformer. Note that this is
considered best practise, as models fitted to a single conformer only may be
very finely balanced and sensitive to conformational change. Explicitly
including more than one conformer excludes such solutions during fitting without
greatly impacting the ESP RMSE of the fitted models.

The procedure is:

1. Fit atomic multipoles to a single reference ESP (least-squares)
2. Fit a separate charge model for each atom using the atomic multipoles to
define an atomic ESP, again for a single conformer (differential evolution,
simplex refinement)
3. Combine the atomic charge models to create a starting population for
molecular fitting, and fit a molecular charge model to the reference ESP
of all grids simultaneously (differential evolution, simplex refinement)
4. Use the fitted model to generate an ESP grid that can be compared to the
reference ESP of each conformer, in order to assess the quality of the fit

Note that again an exhaustive procedure is used to identify the model with the
best compromise between number of charges and RMSE in the ESP over all
conformers.

Unlike for single-conformer fitting, it is necessary to define the molecular
frames used to define charge positions relative to nuclear coordinates. This is
needed to perform the conformational change, as charge positions need to be
transformed for each new conformation.

Note that here it is not necessary to fit multipoles and atomic charges to
multiple conformers, as they are only needed to perform a rough initial guess
for subsequent molecular fitting. In other examples this may not be the case,
for example when fitting fragments as here the multipoles are also required to
fit the fragments in different conformations. In that case the charges should
also be fixed to be the same for each conformer during multipole fitting, so
that total fragment charge is consistent for different conformers.
